# 06/12-23

## 15:00

Meeting to decide on what our project should be, we wrote the first draft of our projectplan, we also posted our gitlab repolink in the groups document.

# 06/12-23

## 15:00

First meeting with Tomas, we all agreed to doing a lightsensor thingy with the project. And he helped us with directing us in what we have to do to achieve our wanted grade.

## 16:00

We decided on what sensors to get. They have been ordered. At the same time Samuel is setting up the react website.

Website structure done-ish.

# 08/12-23

## 13:00

Meeting at the library.

## 13:30

Made the website work for everyone locally. We also decided on the structure the site should have and made the base pages.

# 10/12-23

## 15:00 -> 18:00

Meeting to work on the website.

# 11/12-23

## 18:00 -> 20:00

Made the about page structure and design

# 12/12-23
## 10:00

